DOCS-7722 CI Visibility and Test Visibility Product Landing Page Edits (#23064)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/_index.md

In order to filter using these configurations tags, [you must create facets for these tags][2].

## Enhance your developer workflow

> {{< whatsnext desc="Integrate Test Visibility with tools for reporting code coverage data, enhancing browser tests with Real User Monitoring, and ensuring insights across platforms by streamlining issue identification and issue resolution in your development cycle." >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< whatsnext desc="Streamline issue identification and resolution in your development cycle by integrating Test Visibility with tools for reporting code coverage data. You can enhance browser tests with Real User Monitoring, and ensure insights across platforms." >}}
```

Reviewer: Left a suggestion here to break up a long sentence, feel free to make any additional adjustments.
